I want you to play a game with me ray I
don't want to play a game oh please no I
said playing game with me right right
lovely I want you to imagine a character
your boss Mickey piss you're too smart
to be blackmailing us Fletcher sweet
Mary Jane is my vice your boys on the
other hand is and always has been the
destroyer of worlds you're out of touch
and I would like you to consider an
offer I am not for sale
the plot begins to thicken now I can't
be specific about the heroes and zeros
but our protagonist is a hungry animal
there is a lot of money hanging in the
balance our antagonist explodes on a
seed back a millennial firework and has
indirectly started a war I think you
need to see this boss
[Music]
they find it make inquiries his name is
we spelled with a pH I was like
please sorry for how kind of a hawk
if you smell smoke it's because there's
a fire so you gonna have to stamp that
out quickly these people are gonna clean
house and you are part of that house in
the jungle only way a lion survives not
by acting like by be okay
[Music]
it's really warming up now isn't it
design one role in this game between the
lines hungry
[Music]
/ associates are not so you killed
someone no it was the gravity that
killed him do you need those phones
[Music]
you